{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs32\lang9 Assignment-3\par
1. What is JavaScript? \par
Ans. Javascript is a scripting language mainly used to make any website \par
dynamic and interactive. It is the most used programming language in the \par
world, used as a client-side programming language by 97.0% of all websites.\par
2. What is the use of isNaN function? \par
Ans. Javascript isNaN() function is used to check whether given value is valid \par
number or not a number. It returns the True if the value is not a number else \par
return false.\par
3. What is negative Infinity? \par
Ans. The Negative infinity is a constant value that is used to represent a value \par
lowest of all. This means there is no other value lesser than this value. \par
Negative infinity is a special numeric value that is returned when arithmetic \par
operation or mathematical function generates a negative value greater than \par
the largest representable number in javascript.\par
4. Which company developed JavaScript? \par
Ans. Javascript was initially known as LiveScript. It was developed by Netscape \par
in mid nineties. Netscape was the company which developed world\rquote s full \par
fledged web browser and the creator was brendon Eich. \par
Sun Microsystems, creator of the widely popular Java language and investor in \par
Netscape and wanted the new LiveScript to be named as JavaScript as they \par
thought it would also drag Java towards fame.\par
5. What are undeclared and undefined variables? \par
Ans. Undeclared Variables are those Variables which are not written with let, \par
var or const. If we try to access them in the code execution phase then will \par
throw reference error.\par
Example undeclared:\par
Console.log(y); //where y is not declared above\par
Undefined Variables are those which are declared with let, var or const but \par
ain\rquote t assign with value. If we try to access them in the code execution phase \par
then will throw undefined as value.\par
Example undefined:\par
let y;\par
Console.log(y); //where y is declared above but didn\rquote t assigned any number\par
6. Write the code for adding new elements dynamically? \par
Ans. \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Khushigupta21/task/blob/9163cdc2f332618b443d705a15b593962ef27890/JAVASCRIPT }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Khushigupta21/task/blob/9163cdc2f332618b443d705a15b593962ef27890/JAVASCRIPT\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs32\par
3d7fe7a564935ddc4ba03/DynamicAddElement.html\par
7. What is the difference between ViewState and SessionState? \par
Ans. The basic difference between these two is that the ViewState is to \par
manage state at the client\rquote s end, making state management easy for end-user \par
while SessionState manages state at the server\rquote s end, making it easy to \par
manage content from this end too.\par
ViewState: It is maintained at only one level that is page-level. Changes made \par
on a single page is not visible on other pages. Information that is gathered in \par
view state is stored for the clients only and cannot be transferred to any other \par
place. View state is synonymous with serializable data only.\par
SessionState: It is maintained at session-level and data can be accessed across \par
all pages in the web application. The information is stored within the server \par
and can be accessed by any person that has access to the server where the \par
information is stored.\par
8. What is === operator? \par
Ans. In Javascript === is strict equality operator. Used to compare two variable \par
and check both value and datatype. If both datatypes and value matches of \par
two variables it will return Boolean result (True or False).\par
9. How can the style/class of an element be changed? \par
Ans. gettElementByclassName() method is used to return the element in the \par
document with the \ldblquote className\rdblquote  attribute and the \ldblquote id\rdblquote  attribute can be used \par
to change/append the class of the element\par
10.How to read and write a file using JavaScript? \par
Ans. Write operation on a file:\par
After the File System file is imported then, the writeFile() operation is called. \par
The writeFile() method is used to write into the file in JavaScript. \par
The syntax of this method is as follows \f1\u8722?\f0\par
 writeFile(path,inputData,callBackFunction)\par
 The writeFile() function accepts three parameters \f1\u8722?\f0\par
\f2\bullet  Path \f1\u8722?\f0  The first parameter is the path of the file or the name of the file \par
into which the input data is to be written.\par
If there is a file already, then the contents in the file are deleted and \par
the input which is given by the user will get updated or if the file is not \par
present, then the file with that will be created in the given path and \par
the input information is written into it.\par
\f2\bullet  inputData \f1\u8722?\f0  The second parameter is the input data which contains the \par
data to be written in the file that is opened.\par
\f2\bullet  callBackFuntion \f1\u8722?\f0  The third parameter is the function which is the call \par
back function which takes the error as the parameter and shows the \par
fault if the write operation fails.\par
Reading from the file:\par
After the File System module is imported, the reading of the file in JavaScript \par
can be done by using the readFile() function.\par
The syntax to read from a file is as follows \f1\u8722?\f0\par
readFile(path, format, callBackFunc)\par
The readFile() function accepts three parameters including one optional \par
parameter.\par
\f2\bullet  Path \f1\u8722?\f0  The first parameter is the path of the test file from which the \par
contents are to read. If the current location or directory is the same \par
directory where the file which is to be opened and read is located then, \par
only the file name has to be given.\par
\f2\bullet  Format \f1\u8722?\f0  The second parameter is the optional parameter which is the \par
format of the text file. The format can be ASCII, utf-8 etc.\par
\f2\bullet  CallBackFunc \f1\u8722?\f0  The third parameter is the call back function which takes \par
the error as the parameter and displays the fault is any raised due to the \par
error.\par
11.What are all the looping structures in JavaScript? \par
Ans. \par
JavaScript supports different kinds of loops:\par
\f2\bullet  for - loops through a block of code a number of times\par
\bullet  for/in - loops through the properties of an object\par
\bullet  for/of - loops through the values of an iterable object\par
\bullet  while - loops through a block of code while a specified condition is true\par
\bullet  do/while - also loops through a block of code while a specified condition \par
is true\par
12.How can you convert the string of any base to an integer in JavaScript? \par
Ans. parseInt() function is used to convert the string of any base to an integer \par
in JavaScript. This function returns an integer of the base which is specified in \par
the second argument of the parseInt() function.\par
parseInt(string, radix)\par
A radix parameter specifies the number system to use:\par
2 = binary, 8 = octal, 10 = decimal, 16 = hexadecimal.\par
If radix is omitted, JavaScript assumes radix 10. If the value begins with "0x", \par
JavaScript assumes radix 16.\par
13.What is the function of the delete operator? \par
Ans. The delete function is used on object properties. It deletes both value of \par
property and property itself.\par
Example code:\par
var person = \{\par
firstName:"\f0\lang1033 Khushi\f2 ",\par
lastName:"\f0\lang1033 Gupta\f2 ",\par
age:\f0\lang1033 18\f2 ,\par
\};\par
delete person.age; // or delete person["age"];\par
it will shows person age is undefined.\par
14.What are all the types of Pop up boxes available in JavaScript? \par
Ans. JavaScript has three types of pop-up boxes:\par
\bullet  Alert Box: An alert box is used if you want to make sure information is \par
comes through to the user. When an alert box pop up, user will have to \par
press \ldblquote OK\rdblquote  to proceed. (window.alert();).\par
\bullet  Confirm Box: A confirm box is used if you want the user to verify or \par
accept something. When confirm box pop up, user will have to press \par
either \ldblquote OK\rdblquote  or \ldblquote CANCEL\rdblquote  to proceed. If the user press \ldblquote OK\rdblquote  it returns \par
true or if the user press \ldblquote CANCEL\rdblquote  it returns false.(window.confirm();).\par
\bullet  Prompt Box: A prompt box is often used if you want the user to input a \par
value before entering a page. When a prompt box pops up, the user will \par
have to click either "OK" or "Cancel" to proceed after entering an input \par
value. If the user clicks "OK" the box returns the input value. If the user \par
clicks "Cancel" the box returns null. (window.prompt();).\par
15.What is the use of Void (0)? \par
Ans. Void means nothing. In a JavaScript Void(0) also similar to its meaning. It \par
means returns undefined as a primitive value. We use this to prevent any \par
negative effects on a webpage when we insert some expression.\par
For example, in the case of URL hyperlinks. Hyperlinks open by reloading the \par
page when the user clicks on the link. When you need to run some other code \par
in such cases, you can use javascript: void(0).\par
16.How can a page be forced to load another page in JavaScript? \par
Ans. We can use window. location property inside the script tag to forcefully \par
load another page in Javascript. It is a reference to a Location object that is it \par
represents the current location of the document. We can change the URL of a \par
window by accessing it.\par
17.What are the disadvantages of using innerHTML in JavaScript?\par
Ans. \par
\bullet  The use of innerHTML very slow: The process of using innerHTML is \par
much slower as its contents as slowly built, also already parsed contents \par
and elements are also re-parsed which takes time.\par
\bullet  Content is replaced everywhere: Either you add, append, delete or \par
modify contents on a webpage using innerHTML, all contents is \par
replaced, also all the DOM nodes inside that element are reparsed and \par
recreated.\par
\bullet  Can break the document: There is no proper validation provided by \par
innerHTML, so any valid HTML code can be used. This may break the\par
document of JavaScript. Even broken HTML can be used, which may lead \par
to unexpected problems.\f0\fs22\lang9\par
}
 